wake up your salads and vegetables with
the fresh and bright flavors in lemon
garlic dressing I'm gonna start with two
whole peeled lemons but I need to slice
them in half and take out any seeds
seeds an extra white pith on the outside
can cause your dressing to be bitter and
we certainly don't want that so the
paring knife I'm just gonna remove any
seeds quickly and easily the Vitamix is
so perfect for unlocking all that fresh
bright flavor and whole fruits and
vegetables not only do you get more
tastes but you get more nutrients too
and now we'll put our lemon halves into
the Vitamix
fantastic next up one teaspoon of your
favorite hot sauce two cloves of garlic
and then we have some spices one
teaspoon of paprika 1/2 teaspoon of
cumin and one teaspoon of salt
now once I turn my vitamix on I'm going
to start a variable-speed one and then
quickly move to ten and then high and
we're gonna process that for about 45
seconds you may want to keep your tamper
handy just in case the ingredients get
stuck and you need to push them down
into the blades after those ingredients
have come together we're going to lower
it to variable speed 7 and then pour in
my olive oil I'm gonna remove the lid
plug and pour 1 cup of olive oil in a
very slow steady stream so my dressing
can emulsify we're then going to let it
process for about 20 seconds more until
it all comes together let's get started
fantastic let's see how my dressing
looks and again you'll notice that I
pour the olive oils slow and steady
if you pour too quickly the dressing
could break and not emulsify look at
that gorgeous texture so thick and so
smooth the beautiful dressing your
family is really going to enjoy this
lemon garlic dressing in fact they're
gonna love it so much you're never going
to buy store-bought dressing again